In the previous video, we already learn about
the concept of BGP.
The point is, BGP is used to connecting between
Autonomous System.
Next in this video, we are going to learn
how to configure BGP.
Let’s just start.
Let’s import 2 router, let’s change the
name, this is router 2, and this is router 1.
Let’s also import 2 pc, let’s change the
name, this is pc 2, and this is pc 1.
Let’s connecting pc 1 to router 1, pc 2 to
router 2 and router 1 to router 2.
For the ip addressing, here router 1, let’s
say 10.10.10.1/30, here 192.168.1.1/24,
pc 1 192.168.1.2/24, and then here router 2, 10.10.10.2/30,
here 192.168.2.1/24, and pc 2 192.168.2.2/24.
I am sorry, here the router should be 192.168.2.1.
Now let’s start the ip address configuration,
open router 1, CLI, no, enable, configure terminal,
let’s configure fa0/1 first, so interface
fa0/1, no shutdown, ip address 10.10.10.1
255.255.255.252.
And then for fa0/0, interface fa0/0, no shutdown,
ip address 192.168.1.1 255.255.255.0.
Okay we have done on router 1, next let’s
configure router 2, CLI, no, enable,
configure terminal, let’s start with fa0/1, interface
fa0/1, no shutdown, the ip address is 10.10.10.2
255.255.255.252,
Next for fa0/0, interface fa0/0, no shutdown,
ip address 192.168.2.1 255.255.255.0,
Okay now we have done configuring ip address
on router 1 and router 2.
Next let’s configure the ip address of pc.
Let’s start with pc 1, the ip address is
192.168.1.2 and the gateway is 192.168.1.1.
Last, let’s configure the ip address of
pc 2, the ip address is 192.168.2.2
and the gateway is 192.168.2.1.
Okay now we have done configure ip address
on all router and pc,
I think enough for this video, in the next video, we are going to
configure bgp.
Thankyou for watching and see you on the next video.